1. Perform linear regression to predict
a. CO2 Emission Dataset: fuel_consumption_dataset.csv
b. The selling price of a used car. Dataset: used_cars_dataset.csv
Evaluate the quality of the models by computing relevant performance metrics, including
the R² value. Generate and display a plot that compares the actual values to the predicted
values (Actual vs Predicted) for both tasks.

2. Perform linear regression with L1 (Lasso) and L2 (Ridge) regularization to predict the
price of a House. Use hyper-parameter tuning for the best result. Evaluate the accuracy of
the models by computing relevant performance metrics, including the R² value. Generate
and display a plot that compares the actual values to the predicted values (Actual vs
Predicted) for both tasks. Dataset: housing_price_dataset.csv

3. Perform linear regression with one feature using gradient descent (without using library
function) to predict the salary of an employee based on the feature YearsExperience. Use
hyper-parameter tuning for the best result. Plot the hypothesis function and the data
points after each epoch. Evaluate the accuracy of the models by computing relevant
performance metrics, including the R² value. Dataset: salary_dataset.csv

4. Perform a non-linear regression to predict China’s GDP from 1960 to 2014 from given
features. Evaluate the quality of the model by computing relevant performance metrics,
including the R² value. Generate and display a plot that compares the actual values to the
predicted values (Actual vs Predicted) for both tasks. Dataset: china_gdp.csv

5. Perform logistic regression to classify if a patient has a benign tumor or malignant tumor
(cancer) based on the features provided. Generate the confusion matrix and evaluate the
quality of the model by computing relevant performance metrics including Precision,
Recall, accuracy, F1-Score etc. Plot the ROC curve and calculate AUC.
Dataset: samples_cancer.csv

6. Using KNN algorithm, predict which category a customer belongs to on the basis of
the data provided by a telecommunications firm. Find the accuracy of the KNN
algorithm in predicting the category of a customer.
Dataset: teleCust.csv

7. Using Decision Tree algorithm, predict which drug among drug A, drug B, Drug C,
drug X and drug Y should be given to a patient. Find the accuracy of the decision tree
in predicting the correct drug for the patient.
Dataset: drug.csv

8. Using Naive Bayes algorithms, predict if a person is diabetic or not, based on the
features provided. Find accuracy and F1-Scores of both algorithms.
Dataset: pima-indians-diabetes.data.csv

9. Using SVM algorithm, predict if a patient has a benign tumor or malignant tumor
(cancer) based on the features provided. Use the following kernel for the SVM
algorithm:
a) Linear b) Polynomial c) RBF d) Sigmoid
Find the following metrics for each of the SVM algorithms:
1) Accuracy 2) Recall 3) Precision 4) F1-Score
5) Jaccard Score 6) Error rates 7) Confusion Matrix
Compare all four SVM models using an ROC curve.
Dataset: samples_cancer.csv

10. Applying SVM, Naive Bayes, Decision tree and KNN predict diabetes based on
features set. Compare the four classification algorithms with performance metrics
such as accuracy, recall, precision, F1- score. Also design the heat map confusion
matrix for above algorithms and construct ROC curve for comparison.
Dataset: pima-indians-diabetes.data.csv

11. Design and train a network of perceptrons that computes the functionality of XOR.

12. Perform Multilayer perceptron neural network to classify flower type. Utilize the
number of hidden layers 5 and 200 to 400 epochs with learning rate. Try with different
loss functions/ activation functions such as MSE, Cross entropy, sigmoid, tanh, ReLU
along with different optimizer GD, SGD, Adam. Illustrate the result with performance
metrics and observe Weight, Loss curve and accuracy curve.
Dataset: iris.csv

13. Perform k- means clustering algorithm for customer segmentation from given features.
Utilize Euclidean distance and Manhattan distance for this problem. Also, plot in terms
of 2D and 3D clusters this problem.
Dataset: Cust_Segmentation.csv

14.Perform hierarchical clustering such as Agglomerative algorithm and Divisive
algorithm to group several vehicles. Utilize single, complete and average linkage to
define the cluster. Also draw the dendrogram for this problem.
Dataset: cars_clus.csv

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/15i6Zy9o3VwQZD823ZdJdmMuM6e4IcUUM?usp=sharing